API
==========================================================

API Reference
===================

This section provides a comprehensive reference for the mlvern library's API, detailing the available classes, methods, and functions for version control in machine learning projects.

Module Overview
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The mlvern library consists of several modules that facilitate version control for machine learning models. Below is an overview of the main modules:
- `mlvern.core`: Contains the core functionalities for initializing repositories, tracking models, and managing versions.
- `mlvern.utils`: Provides utility functions for file handling, logging, and configuration management.

Class and Method Reference
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Here are some of the key classes and methods available in the mlvern library:
- `mlvern.core.MlVern`: The main class for interacting with the mlvern system.
    - `init()`: Initializes a new mlvern repository.
    - `track(model_path: str, version: str)`: Tracks a new model version.
    - `list_versions()`: Lists all tracked model versions.
- `mlvern.utils.FileHandler`: A utility class for handling file operations.
    - `save_file(file_path: str, destination: str)`: Saves a file to the specified destination.
    - `load_file(file_path: str)`: Loads a file from the specified path.
For a complete list of classes, methods, and functions, please refer to the autogenerated documentation below.  
.. automodule:: mlvern.core
    :members:
    :undoc-members:
    :show-inheritance:
.. automodule:: mlvern.utils
    :members:
    :undoc-members:
    :show-inheritance:  
Additional Resources
------------------- 
For more detailed examples and usage patterns, please refer to the Usage Guide section of the documentation. If you have any questions or need further assistance, feel free to reach out to the mlvern community or check the GitHub repository for issues and discussions.






























